The awareness is ordinary. Ordinary is nothing changed. Why is it called ordinary? It is nothing
changed, nothing publicated. We are not trying to make something. It is un-publicated, ordinary,
naturally flowing systems.
This is the ultimate nature or the realization of the old tour ones, or the Buddha Shaptamuni, or
the Buddha Samyantabata, or the Guru Pema Samyant. This is, this is, and this is again, free from
all the ages or the extremes.
It is pervasive, openness nature, nature, nature, nature. We have to behold this nature without any
effort, without hospice. Relax with joy and appreciation.
To start to behold this nature, with great joy and devotion. Devotion and joy are important. App
reciation and devotion are all important to start these practices. Devotion is so important.
You know, always in the teachings, without devotion, the light won't shine in our nature of the
mind, or the light not come out. Joy, it is completely covered, covered with all the joy, without
the devotions.
But when we have the stone devotions, that duality thickness began to loosen. Loosening began to
shine. The primordial wasn't light from our heart, in our realization. That really shines.
For that reason, devotion is so important in the teachings said, along with bodhicata and joy.
What is devotion? Of course, you all know, we all know that. Devotion is joy, combination with joy
and appreciation and love. That is, that richness is important.
Where that comes from, again, is the discipline of the Rupa. It is a vastness. Devotion is not
something kind of, again, unneeded and unkind of wanted or big in the kind of tools that we have to
do.
It is love, it is appreciation, it is joy, it is vastness of Dharmakaya, expression of Dharmakaya,
or is it Sambukaya? It is Narmakaya.
Narmakaya. We need to reveal our depth of Dharmakaya, Kaya that devotions.
And then, even that, with that, start with the meditation, the practice of the Okimariya. With that
, and then relax. Relax. And keep, keep the contract.
All that we learned, liberated, let it come, let it go. We are not going to conquer in the thoughts
. We are not going to water in the thoughts.
Thought, energetic thought comes. We are going to be free, carefree. Those are the instructions
said. Again and again.
And here, for that reason, if you do something kind of with the, with the, with the effort, effort
kind of analyzing and effort meditating, meditating, that will not discover and see the true nature
of the mind.
That's not going to see the true nature of the mind. That's what clearly, loudly says here in the
teaching set.
For that reason, don't do anything. Particularly, just relax. And don't analyze anything. Once you
recognize the nature of the mind, once you see, we discuss the world.
Once you see what is the world, we discuss today. And you know that now. And then we don't have to
analyze again and again. There's nothing to more analyze.
It's all conceptions. Conceptions. So, don't analyze. Don't think. Ordinary, this nature is going
to discover by, by relaxing nature.
Reality level, there is nothing to be also relaxed. Relaxed. And nothing, not too relaxed. Nothing
destructive, no destructive.
It's all display of the dharmakai. All dharmakai. Be in that nature status. That. And when you
discover that nature, nature, there's no need to be any effort.
It's beyond effort and not effort. How wonderful. How beautiful. How great joy it is.
Those people who are kind of always grasping to be thoughtless. Thoughtless or kind of like
completely, kind of preferent thought. Thinking of that. Then they are caught by the thought itself
.
So, thinking of the, no thought. I have kind of thinking of grasping and holding on the, on the no
thought. Then, kind of like when thought comes, then suddenly they start to kind of, all the
thoughts are, thoughts are like kind of moving in the different directions or wondering all the
different directions.
Reality level, this rupa is beyond the coming and beyond the going. When you relax in that natural
status, then stay and be careful. Careful and be safe, be safe in that natural status or stay in
this natural status.
So, again, he said, all the noble son and daughter, daughter must be recognized of these systems.
And therefore, again, once again, there's nothing to meditate. Even once like this, but be, be
aware of the nature as it is without destructive. Without destructive.
Without destructive, without carried by the thoughts. Big thought, subtle thought or whatever
thought. Don't let that carry by thoughts. Thought. That is meditating.
So, that is really about the, I think they say, 18 or the 19 songs.